Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Ifill: THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION SAYS CONSUMERS
WILL HAVE AN EASIER TIME USING
healthcare.gov NOW THAT IT'S
FIXED THE MAJOR GLITCHES.
BUT INSURERS WARN PROBLEMS STILL
EXIST WHEN CONFIRMING COVERAGE.
GOOD EVENING, I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD THIS MONDAY, THE
UPROAR IN UKRAINE, PROTESTERS
WHO WANT CLOSER TIES WITH EUROPE
NOW CONTROL A PUBLIC SQUARE IN
THE HEART OF THE CAPITAL, AS
THEY CALLOR T FHE HEADS OF
GOVERNMENT TO RESIGN.
>> Ifill: AND SPENCER MICHELS
PROFILES DAVID HOCKNEY, THE
PROLIFIC ARTIST WHO CONTINUES TO
INNOVATE USING TECHNOLOGY TO
ADVANCE HIS WORK.
>> HOCKNEY, AT 76, SHOWS NO
SIGNS OF SLOWING DOWN, AND IN
FACT, HE ADMITS HE IS WORKING AS
HE CAN ON A WIDE VARIETY OF
PROJECTS.
>> Ifill: THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."
>> Woodruff: THIS WAS TOUTED AS
THE BIGGEST DAY OF THE YEAR
FOR ONLINE SHOPPING, AS HUNDREDS
OF RETAILERS TRIED TO LURE
MILLIONS OF HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
ON CYBER MONDAY.
EARLY NUMBERS SUGGESTED A
SHARP INCREASE OVER LAST YEAR,
AFTER A FOUR-DAY HOLIDAY WEEKEND
THAT TURNED OUT TO BE
DISAPPOINTING.
IN A FEW MINUTES, WE'LL TAKE A
DEEPER LOOK AT THE NUMBERS
AND RETAILERS' PROSPECTS.
THE U.S. SUPREME COURT DECLINED
TODAY TO DECIDE WHETHER BIG
ONLINE RETAILERS HAVE TO COLLECT
STATE SALES TAXES.
THE JUSTICES TURNED AWAY APPEALS
FROM AMAZON AND overstock.com
AFTER THEY LOST A CASE IN
NEW YORK STATE.
IN THE ABSENCE OF A NATIONAL
RULING, MORE STATES MAY TRY TO
TAX SALES ON THE INTERNET.
A NEW YORK COMMUTER TRAIN WAS
DOING 82 MILES AN HOUR WHEN IT
HIT A SHARP CURVE AND DERAILED
SUNDAY, KILLG FOINUR PEOPLE.
THE SPEED LIMIT THERE IS 30
MILES AN HOUR.
INVESTIGATORS FROM THE NATIONAL
TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD
ANNOUNCED THE FINDINGS TODAY
FROM THE TRAIN'S TWO DATA
RECORDERS.
THEY SAID IT'S CLEAR WHAT THE
TRAIN WAS DOING, BUT NOT WHY.
>> THE LOCOMOTIVE HAD AN EVENT
RECORDER, THE CAB CAR HAD AN
AT IN POINT IN TIME IT IS
PRELIMINARY BUT WE CAN SAY
HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED.
WE KNOW SPEEDS AND POSITIONS,
POWER SETTINGS AND BRAKE
APPLICATION.
WE DON'T KNOW WHETHER THE
BRAKES -- WENT TO ZERO
PRESSURE BECAUSE OF A VALVE
CHANGE OR BECAUSE OF THE
TRAIN BREAKUP.
>> Woodruff: THE WRECKAGE ON THE
TRACK MEANT SOME 26,000
COMMUTERS HAD TO FIND
ALTERNATIVE ROUTES TODAY.
THE GOVERNMENT'S HEALTH CARE
WEBSITE IS HITTING ON MORE
CYLINDERS.
WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS SAY IT
HANDLED 375,000 CUSTOMERS BY
MIDDAY.
THAT'S AFTER WEEKS OF WORK TO
FIX THE SITE'S DISASTROUS
ROLLOUT TWO MONTHS AGO.
WE'LL GET THE DETAILS ON THAT
EFFORT AND WHAT LIES AHEAD RIGHT
AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY.
A MEDICAL TECHNICIAN FACES 39
YEARS IN PRISON, IN NEW
HAMPSHIRE, FOR INFECTING AT
LEAST 46 PEOPLE WITH HEPATITIS
"C".
DAVID KWIATKOWSKI WAS SENTENCED
TODAY.
HE ADMITTED STEALING PAINKILLERS
AND REPLACING THEM WITH SYRINGES
OF SALINE, TAINTED WITH HIS OWN,
INFECTED BLOOD.
HIS VICTIMS WERE SPREAD ACROSS
FOUR STATES.
IN THAILAND, THE EMBATTLED
PRIME MINISTER PLEDGED TO DO
ANYTHING IT TAKES TO END DAYS OF
VIOLENT PROTESTS, EXCEPT GIVE UP
POWER.
BUT THOUSANDS OF DEMONSTRATORS
DEMANDED JUST THAT.
JONATHAN SPARKS OF "INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS" HAS THIS
REPORT.
>> Reporter: IT WAS SUPPOSED TO
BE PEACEFUL.
A NON-VIOLENT CAMPAIGN AGAINST
THE THAI GOVERNMENT.
BUT IT'S TURNED INTO A BARE-
KNUCKLE BATTLE FOR POWER.
PARTS OF BANGKOK STREAKED WITH
TEARGAS AND RUBBLE BULLETS TODAY
AS PROTESTERS TRIED TO SEIZE
GOVERNMENT MINISTRIES  FROM THE
POLICE.
MANY HERE ARE DRIVEN BY HATRED
FOR THE COUNTRY'S PRIME MINISTER
YINGLUCK SHINAWATRA AND THOSE
SEEN TO SUPPORT HER.
A MAN WHO LOOKS LIKE HE'S A
WE WATCHED AS PROTESTERS CREPT
UP TO THE BARRICADES AROUND THE
PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE WITH AN
ASSORTMENT OF HOMEMADE WEAPONRY.
BUT SEVERAL ROUNDS OF TEARGAS
SAW THEM OFF.
THE PROTESTERS CAN'T TAKE IT.
THE PROTEST LEADER-- A FIERY
POLITICI CALANLED SUTHEP
THAUGSUBAN-- TOLD EUPHORIC
SUPPORTERS THAT THE GOVERNMENT
WOULD SOON FALL.
THE PRIME MINISTER YINGLUCK
SHINAWATRA ALSO OFFERING TO HOLD
TALKS.
BUT MR. SUTHEP REFUSES TO
NEGOTIATE.
IT'S A PROBLEM I PUT TO HER
FOREIGN MINISTER TODAY.
HE SAID HE'S NOT NEGOTIATING?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S THE WAY SUTHEP IS
THINKING.
MAYBE HE'S THINKING RIGHT NOW
HE'S A GOD.
HE CAN DO ANYTHING.
>> Reporter: AS EVENING
APPROACHED, POLICE LINES WERE
RAMMED WITH A RUBBISH TRUCK.
THEY RESPONDED WITH A SCORCHING
MIX OF WATER AND PEPPER SPRAY.
THE POLICE WON THEMSELVES A FEW
MINUTES.
BUT THE PROTESTERS RETURNED.
THEY'LL BE THERE TOMORROW AS
WELL.
>> Woodruff: PROTESTS ALSO RAGED
FOR ANOTHER DAY IN UKRAINE'S
CAPITAL CITY.
THOUSANDS OF DEMONSTRATORS
STORMED GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS IN
KIEV TO DEMAND INTEGRATION WITH
THE EUROPEAN UNION.
IN TURN, THE COUNTRY'S PRESIDENT
ASKED TO RENEW TALKS WITH THE
E.U. AND HE APPEALED FOR CALM.
WE'LL HAVE A FULL REPORT FROM
KIEV AND ANALYSIS FROM A FORMER
U.S. AMBASSADOR LATER IN THE
PROGRAM.
CHINA LAUNCHED S FITIRST ROBOTIC
MISSION TO THE MOON EARLY
THIS MORNING.
THE JADE RABBIT ROVER ABOARD A
LANDING CRAFT BLASTED OFF ATOP
AN UNMANNED ROCKET AT 1:30 A.M.
THE ROVER IS EXPECTED TO LAND
ON THE LUNAR SURFACE IN MID-
DECEMBER.
IF SUCCESSFUL, CHINA WILL BECOME
THE THIRD COUNTRY TO SOFT-LAND
A SPACECRAFT ON THE MOON.
WALL STREET RETREATED TODAY
AFTER RETAILERS GOT OFF TO A
DISAPPOINTING START FOR THE
HOLIDAY SEASON.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
LOST 77 POINTS TO CLOSE AT
16,008.
THE NASDAQ FELL 14 POINTS
TO CLOSE AT 4,045.
>> Woodruff: STILL TO COME
ON THE "NEWSHOUR": FIXING THE
GLITCHES PLAGUING
healthcare.gov WILL THE HOLIDAY
SEASON BRING CHEER TO RETAILERS?
DAVID HOCKNEY ON PAINTING WITH
AN iPAD; THOUSANDS OF PROTESTERS
TAKE TO THE STREETS OF KIEV AND
THIS YEAR'S WINNER OF THE
NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FOR FICTION.
>> Ifill: THIS WEEK MARKS
THE BEGINNING OF AN IMPORTANT
ENROLLMENT PERIOD
FOR THE HEALTHCARE LAW AND ITS
BATTLE-SCARRED FEDERAL WEBSITE.
BUT, FOR NOW, THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION SAYS IT HAS
GOOD NEWS.
ALTHOUGH PERFORMANCE CAN STILL
BE SPOTTY, THINGS ARE BETTER
THAN THEY WERE.
THE WHITE HOUSE AND THE NATION'S
TOP HEALTH AGENCY SAY USERS
SHOPPING FOR INSURANCE ON
healthcare.gov ARE HAVING FAR
MORE SUCCESS TODAY THAN A MONTH
AGO.
THE TROUBLED SITE, OFFICIALS
SAID, IS WORKING NEARLY 90
PERCENT OF THE TIME FOR
CONSUMERS, AND THAT TODAY, THERE
WERE 375,000 PEOPLE VISITS BY
NOON.
>> WE BELIEVE WE MADE THE
IMPORTANT PROGRESS THAT WE SET
OUT TO MAKE BY NOVEMBER 30 BUT
AS WE SAID IN NOVEMBER, AND AS I
SAID JUST NOW, THE WORK
CONTINUES TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS
THAT STILL NEED TO BE MADE TO
THE WEBSITE.
>> Ifill: OFFICIALS SAY THE SITE
CAN HANDLE 50,000 USERS AT ONE
TIME, AND UP TO
800,000 EACH DAY.
THE HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
DEPARTMENT ALSO SAID THE SITE'S
SO-CALLED "BACK END," WHICH
DELIVERS INFORMATION TO
INSURERS, HAD BEEN LARGELY
REPAIRED.
BUT PROBLEMS
INSURANCE COMPANIES REMAIN
UNHAPPY.
AND INCREASED VOLUME COULD
PROVIDE NEW TESTS AS A DECEMBER
23 DEADLINE FOR ENROLLMENT
NEARS.
TENNESSEE REPUBLICAN SENATOR BOB
CORKER SAID SUNDAY EVEN IF THE
SITE GETS FIXED, THE LAW THAT
SPAWNED IT REMAINS DEEPLY
FLAWED.
>> THE FUNDAMENTALS OF THIS, TO
ME, WERE DONE IN A WAY, A
CHAOTIC WAY MUCH LIKE WE'RE
SEEING THE ROLLOUT.
IT WAS DONE IN A WAY THAT REALLY
-- THERE WASN'T A VISION AT THE
END, IT WAS JUST AN AMALGAMATION
OF LEGISLATION THAT DIDN'T HAVE
A CENTRAL FOCUS.
>> Ifill: MEANWHILE, THE COST OF
FIXING HEALTHCARE.GOV HAS
REACHED $600 MILLION AND
COUNTING.
WE GET MORE INFORMATION ON ALL
THIS FROM TWO PEOPLE WATCHING
THE ROLLOUT FROM BEHIND
THE SCENES.
MARY AGNES CAREY OF KAISER
HEALTH NEWS, AN INDEPENDENT
NEWS ORGANIZATION.
JOHN ENGATES, THE CHIEF
TECHNOLOGY OFFICER AT RACKGATES,
A SERVER AND SOFTWARE COMPANY.
HE'S BEEN INSIDE THE GOVERNMENT
WEBSITE'S COMMAND CENTER.
WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
MARY AGNES CAREY.
750NOW, WELL ON ITS WAY TO
THE 800,000 NUMBER NATIONAL
WHITE HOUSE WAS TALKING
ABOUT TODAY, BY 5:30 P.M.
EASTERN.
HOW IS THAT DIFFERENT FROM
WHAT WE SAW A MONTH AGO?
>> THEY SAY THAT IT'S MORE
THAN DOUBLE THE USUAL
TRAFFIC FOR A MONDAY.
AND OF COURSE THERE HAS BEEN
A LOT OF NEWS COVERAGE OF
THE CHANGES THEY MADE ON THE
WEB SITE.
SO MAYBE THEY ARE GETTING
SOME PEOPLE BACK WHO HAD
SOME PROBLEMS BEFORE.
>> Ifill: BUT THERE ARE
STILL PROBLEMS.
I WANT YOU TO EXPLAIN WHAT
PEOPLE MEAN WHEN THEY SAY
THE FRONT END AND BACK END.
>> THE FRONT END IS THE
CONSUMER EXPERIENCE.
CONSUMERS LOGGING ON TO
HELDCARE.GOV, AND BACK END
IS INFORMATION THAT GOES TO
THE HEALTH INSURERS, HOW
MANY PEOPLE ARE ENROLLED, DO
THEY HAVE A SUBSIDY, HOW
MUCH AND SO ON.
>> Ifill: SO THE BACK END IS
THE REMAINING PROBLEM RIGHT
NOW, EVEN THOUGH WE ASSUME
THAT THE PATCHES THAT ARE
MADE TODAY WILL HOLD AT THE
FRONT END, 9 BACK END IS
WHERE THE INSURERS ARE NOT
SO HAPPY.
>> THEY ARE' VERY UNHAPPY.
THEY SAY THEY ARE NOT
GETTING ACCURATE ENROLLMENT
INFORMATION.
THEY DON'T KNOW IF SOMEONE
QUALIFIES FOR A SUBSIDY, HOW
MUCH OF A SUBSIDY.
CONSUMERS ARE CALLING HEALTH
INSURERS ASKING IF THEY ARE
ENROLLED.
INSURERS ARE SAYING THEY
DON'T HAVE ANY RECORD OF
THIS.
AND EVEN WITH THE FIXES
ANNOUNCED TODAY THE
INSURANCE INDUSTRY WAS
TELLING ME TONIGHT THAT THEY
STILL SEE SIGNIFICANT
ENROLLMENT CHALLENGES THE
WAY THEY'RE GETTING DATA
RIGHT NOW.
>> Ifill: AND YESTERDAY
TODAY-- AND YET TODAY ON
THIS CALL, THAT THE HEALTH
AND HUMAN SERVICES OFFICIALS
GAVE THEY SAY 80% OF THAT
BACK-END INSURER'S PROBLEM
HAD BEEN IMPROVED BUT THEY
DIDN'T SAY OVER WHAT.
>> EXACTLY RIGHT.
THEY'RE NOT GIVING THE ERROR
RATE, REPORTERS KEPT ASKING
REPEATEDLY HOW MANY OF THESE
FORMS SENT TO THE INSURERS
HAD BAD INFORMATION.
THEY'RE NOT ANSWERING THAT
QUESTION.
AND INSURERS ARE SAYING
TONIGHT EVEN THE FIX THAT
WAS PROPOSED TODAY HASN'T
BEEN TESTED.
THEY DON'T KNOW WHETHER IT'S
GOING TO WORK ON NOT.
>> Ifill: WHAT WAS IT
FIXING?
WHAT IS THE SOURCE OF THE
PROBLEM.
>> 80% OF THE PROBLEM DEALT
WITH A SNAFU THAT ON SOCIAL
SECURITY NUMBER, ENTERING
THAT INTO THE FORM AND THAT
CREATED PART OF THE PROBLEM.
>> Ifill: AND ARE THE FIXES
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT WHETHER
ON THE FRONT END OR BACK END,
ARE THEY PERMANENT FIXES
THEY ARE PUTTING IN PLACE OR
ARE THESE JUST BAND-AIDS TO
GET US OVER THIS DEADLINE.
>> THE ASSUMPTION IS THAT
THEY ARE PERM INNOCENT FIXES
BUT THEY MADE IT VERY CLEAR
AS JAY CARNEY SAID THEY NEED
TO DO MORE AND MONITOR AND
DO MORE WORK AS THEY NEED TO
GOING ALONG.
>> Ifill: JOHN ENGATES, YOU
ARE FROM-- I WANT TO START
BY ASKING YOU WHAT YOU SAW
WHEN YOU WENT BACKSTAGE, TAS
WERE, AT THE COMMAND CENTER?
>> SURE, SO WE GOT A PEEK
BEHIND THE CURTAIN LAST
MONDAY, INVITED UP TO
WASHINGTON D.C. TO GO TO THE
EXCHANGE OPERATION CENTER
WHERE THESE FIXES ARE BEING
ORCHESTRATED.
AND THEY HAVE A TEAM
PEOPLE UP THERE THAT SIT IN
A COMMAND CENTER.
EVERYBODY'S GOT COMPUTERS ON
THEIR DESK.
EVERYBODY HAS GOT A PHONE.
AND THERE IS SORT OF THIS
AIR OF SORT OF A, YOU KNOW,
KIND OF LIKE A CONTROL ROOM
YOU WOULD THINK OF AT NASA
OR SOME SORT OF LAUNCH
CENTER.
MUCH SMALLER, CERTAINLY.
BUT THEY ARE MONITORING THE
SITE VERY CAREFULLY.
THEY HAVE SCREENS ON THE
WALL WITH, YOU KNOW, DATA
ABOUT HOW THE WEB SITE IS
PERFORMING.
THEY HAVE PEOPLE IN THE
FRONT OF THE ROOM THAT ARE
SORT OF BRINGING TOGETHER
ALL OF THE DIFFERENT VENDORS
AND CONTRACTORS TO MAKE SURE
THAT THEY'RE ON THE SAME
PAGE WHEN THEY INSTITUTE
THESE FIXES AND UPGRADES.
>> Ifill: IS THE PROBLEM, AS
YOU SEE IT, ABOUT SCALE, THE
VOLUME OF PEOPLE WHO ARE
TRYING TO GET ON THE SITE OR
IS IT ABOUT THE PERFORMANCE
OF THE SITE ITSELF?
>> WELL, I MEAN, THOSE ARE
TWO SIDES OF THE SAME COIN.
IF THE SITE IS DESIGNED TO
PERFORM AT A CERTAIN LEVEL,
AND YOU HAVE TOO MANY USERS,
THE SITE FALLS OVER.
I MEAN BASICALLY HAS A REAL
PROBLEM PERFORMING.
ON THE FLIP SIDE OF THAT, IF
THE SITE WAS DESIGNED FOR AN
EXTRAORDINARILY LARGE NUMBER
OF VISITORS, THEN THE
TRAFFIC THAT WE'RE SEEING
TODAY OR PREVIOUSLY WOULDN'T
BE A PROBLEM.
>> Ifill: IS WHAT YOU SAW IN
WASHINGTON THAT PART OF THE
TECH SURGE THAT WE HEARD
ABOUT RIGHT AFTER THE FIRST
PROBLEMS WERE DISCOVERED?
>> WE DID.
WE SAW THE PEOPLE THAT WERE
PART OF THAT SURGE.
AND THE SURGE WAS BASICALLY
AN ADDITION OF MORE
CONTRACTORS TO DO SORT OF
THESE FIXES.
BUT IT WAS ALSO AN INFUSION
OF OUTSIDE EXPERTISE.
AND SO THEY BROUGHT IN A
GENTLEMAN THAT IS ON LEAVE
FROM GOOGLE.
HE'S NOW LEADING-- HE IS
LEADING THE WAY WHEN I WAS
THERE THAT DAY LAST WEEK.
HE WAS IN THE FRONT OF THE
ROORTNFERENCE CALL IN THE
MORNING.
THEY HAVE A TWICE DAILY
CONFERENCE CALL TO SORT OF
DECIDES WHAT'S GOING RIGHT,
WHAT'S GOING WRONG, WHAT
THEY NEED TO DO FOR THAT
DAY.
AND SO SOME OF THE SURGE IS
BASICALLY ENHANCING THE
LEVEL OF EXPERTISE, BRINGING
IN OUTSIDERS.
BUT ALSO JUST RAMPING UP THE
NUMBER OF PEOPLE THAT ARE ON
BOARD FROM THE CONTRACTORS.
>> Ifill: IS THAT GETTING
TOO TECHNICAL?
ARE THE PROBLEMS THAT YOU
HAVE SEEN HARDWARE PROBLEMS
OR SOFTWARE PROBLEMS?
>> IT'S ACTUALLY BEEN BOTH.
I MEAN WE DID TALK ABOUT
SOME OF THE THINGS THAT THEY
HAD DONE.
THEY DID UPGRADE HARDWARE.
THEY ADDED MORE HARDWARE.
THEY MADE SETTINGS, CHANGES
TO THE SETTINGS ON CERTAIN
PIECES OF HARDWARE THAT WERE
POTENTIALLY MISCONFIGURED.
THEN THEY ALSO MADE SOFTWARE
UPGRADES TO HELP STREAMLINE
THE SYSTEM.
THERE ARE ELEMENTS OF THIS
WEB SITE THAT, YOU KNOW,
PRIOR TO THE SURGE WERE DOING
SOME COMPLEX DATABASE
LOOKUPS THAT WOULD TAKE AN
EXTRAORDINARILY LONG PERIOD
OF TIME ON A PERUSER BASIS.
SOME OF THE CHANGES THEY
MADE WILL ALLOW FOR SOME OF
THAT DATA TO BE STORED
LOCALLY, CASHED, IF YOU WILL,
AND MAKE THE LOOKUPS A LOT
FASTER AND MAKE THE
STREAMLINE-- ESSENTIALLY
STREAMLINING THE PROCESS
THAT A USER GOES THROUGH AS
THEY'RE LOOKING AT THE SITE.
>> Ifill: FINALLY I WANT TO
YOU ASK YOU THIS AND THEN I
WILL ASK MARY AGNES.
WHAT IS THE NEXT BIG PROBLEM
THAT THEY NEED TO SOLVE?
ASSUMING THAT THE PROBLEMS
THAT THEY HAVE ALREADY FIXED
HOLD.
>> RIGHT.
SO YOU ELUDED TO THIS IN THE
BEGINNING OF THE CHAT HERE.
THE FRONT END IS WHAT
THEY'VE BEEN FOCUSED ON.
THE FRONT END IS WHAT THE
USER EXPERIENCES WHEN
THEY'RE BROWSING THE SITE OR
FILLING OUT INFORMATION ON
THE SITE.
THE BACK END IS SOFT OF THE
COMPLETION OF THAT
TRANSACTION TO TAKE THE
SIGN-UP PROCESS TO
COMPLETION AND SORT OF FEED
THAT DATA OVER TO THE
INSURANCE CARRIERS.
I THINK THAT PART OF IT IS
SORT OF REMAINS TO BE SEEN
WHETHER THEY FIXED THAT,
WHETHER IT'S WORKING WELL.
THERE'S ANOTHER ASPECT OF
THIS THAT SEEMS TO COME UP
FROM TIME TO TIME ON
CONVERSATIONS THAT I'VE
HEARD, IS THE SECURITY
ASPECT.
IT SORT OF AGAIN REMAINS TO
BE SEEN WHETHER THATS WITH A
BIG ELEMENT OF THE FOCUS.
OR WHETHER THAT GOT SORT OF
PUSHED ASIDE AS THEY WERE
WORKING ON THE PERFORMANCE.
>> Ifill: MARY AGNES, THEY
SAY THEY PUT IN A SHOPPING
WINNOW FEATURE.
ALL THESE LITTLE BELLS AN
WHISTLES.
IS THAT THE PROBLEM THAT
THEY ARE FACING IN THE NEXT
MONTH OR SO.
>> THEY HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THEY CAN HANDLE THE DEMAND.
THEY SAY THEY WILL DECIDE TO
HANDLE 800,000 PEOPLE IN ONE
DAY.
PEOPLE NEED TO HAVE A GOOD
EXPERIENCE, ESPECIALLY
PEOPLE WHO HAVE STAYED AWAY,
ARE NOW COMING BACK TO BE
ABLE TO PROCESS THEIR
APPLICATION, THERE WAS MIXED
EXPERIENCE TODAY ON TWITTER,
SOME HAD A GOOD EXPERIENCE,
SOME DID NOT.
THEY ALSO HAVE TO FIX THIS
PROBLEM WITH HEALTH
INSURERS.
COVERAGE STARTS JANUARY 1st.
PEOPLE HAVE UNTIL DECEMBER
23rd TO ENROLL.
IF INSURERS DON'T KNOW THAT
YOU'RE IN THE SYSTEM,
IMAGINE WHAT'S GOING HAPPEN
WHEN YOU GO TO THE DOCTOR OR
MONTH AND THEY HAVE NO
RECORD OF YOUR INSURANCE
COVERAGE.
>> Ifill: A BIG CHALLENGE
STILL AHEAD, MARY AGNES
CAREY, KAISER HEALTH NEWS,
AND JOHN ENGATES, THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU
>> Woodruff: NOW, CASH REGISTERS
ARE RINGING AND MERCHANTS ARE
SINGING ONLINE AND IN THE MALL,
BUT HOW'S THE ECONOMY REALLY
DOING THIS HOLIDAY SEASON?
JEFFREY BROWN EXPLORES THAT
QUESTION.
>> Brown: 131 MILLION AMERICANS-
- MORE THAN A THIRD OF THE
COUNTRY--  ARE EXPECTED
TO SHOP ONLINE BEFORE THIS DAY
IS OUT.
THAT'S ACCORDING TO THE NATIONAL
RETAIL FEDERATION.
AND BRAD WILSON AT THE COUPON
SITE bradsdeals.com, SAYS A LOT
IS RIDING ON THAT PREDICTION.
>> THIS DAY IS THE SINGLE
LARGEST E-COMMERCE DAY ALL YEAR
ROUND.
IT'S SO IMPORTANT FOR THE
RETAILERS TO BE COMPETITIVE.
>> Brown: IN FACT, HOLIDAY CYBER
SHOPPING IS ALREADY WELL UNDER
WAY.
THE ANALYTIC FIRM COM-SCORE SAYS
ONLINE SALES FOR THANKSGIVING
WEEKEND WERE UP % FR17OM LAST
YEAR, HELPED BY GREATER USE OF
MOBILE DEVICES.
AT THE SAME TIME, THE RETAIL
FEDERATION ESTIMATES THAT TOTAL
SPENDING OVER THE WEEKEND,K-ANDR
STORES, WAS ACTUALLY DOWN
NEARLY 3% FROM LAST YEAR.
A RECORD 141 MILLION PEOPLE WENT
SHOPPING, BUT THE AVERAGE
SHOPPER SPENT NEARLY 4% LESS
THAN A YEAR AGO, PARTLY DUE TO
DEEP DISCOUNTS.
SOME BIG RETAILERS-- WAL-MART
AND MACY'S, FOR EXAMPLE-- SAY
THEY'RE NOT EXPECTING ANY GROWTH
THIS HOLIDAY SEASON, WITH SIX
FEWER DAYS BETWEEN THANKSGIVING
AND CHRISTMAS.
SOME PERSPECTIVE ON THESE EARLY
REPORTS AND WHAT IT SAYS ABOUT
THE ECONOMIC HEALTH OF THE
AMERICAN CONSUMER.
JERRY STORCH HAS HIS OWN
ADVISORY FIRM.
HE'S A VETERAN OF THE RETAIL
INDUSTRY, INCLUDING A FORMER
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF TOYS-R-US.
WELCOME TO YOU.
SO EVEN AS WE AWAIT FOR
FIRMER NUMBERS, WHAT ARE YOU
SEEING SO FAR IN TERMS OF
JUST HOW TOUGH A SEASON THIS
WILL BE?
>> WELL, THERE'S NO DOUBT
THAT IT STARTED OFF SLOW.
WHETHER IT IS UP A FEW
POINTS OR DOWN A FEW POINTS,
ITOLOGICAL WASN'T AS GOOD
OVER THE WEEKEND AS PEOPLE
HAD HOPED.
WE'LL GET FINAL NUMBERS
LATER.
BUT THERE'S NO DOUBT THE
BRICKS AND MORTAR RETAILERS
DID NOT SEE THE GROWTH IN
FOOTSTEPS AND TRAFFIC THAT
WE HAD ALL HOPED TO SEEMENT
MEANWHILE THE BIG WINNERS AS
USUAL WERE ON-LINE WITH A
LARGE GROWTH IN SMART PHONE
AND TABLET SHOPPING.
OVERALL IT'S MOVING ON-LINE
RAPIDLY.
>> WELL, TELL US FIRST, GO
BACK A STEP TO THE BIG BOX
STORES THAT YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT.
THEY'RE OFFERING STEEP
DISCOUNTS.
WHAT ARE THEY DOING TO LURE
PEOPLE IN?
>> THEY'RE DOING EVERYTHING
IN THE BOOK.
WE USED TO HAVE JUST BLACK
FRIDAY.
THEN WE ADDED GREEN MONDAY
OPENING EARLIER, INCLUDING
THURSDAY, SORRY, OPENING ON
THANKSGIVING DAY.
THEY'RE USING THE WOL BOX OF
CRAYOLA CRAYONS, EVERY DAY
WILL ITS OWN COLOR WITH
DIFFERENT SALES, DIFFERENT
PROMOTION.
EVERY WEEK THEN THEY SAY
IT'S JUST LIKE BLACK FRIDAY,
IF EVERY SATURDAY IS LIKE
BLACK FRIDAY EF-- EVERY DAY
IS HIGHLY PROMOTION.
WITH THE SIX FEWER SHOPPING
DAYS BETWEEN THANKSGIVING
AND CHRISTMAS WE KNOW IT IS
GOING TO HAVE TO GO RAPIDLY
ON EACH DAY TO EVEN MAKE UP
THAT SHORTFALL.
SIX DAYS FEWER IS A DROP OF
18% IN THE NUMBER OF
SHOPPING DAYS.
SO EACH DAY HAS TO BE 18%
HIGHER TO MAKE UP FOR THAT
GAP.
THAT'S A LOT OF GROWTH FOR
EACH DAY.
WE HAVEN'T SEEN IT YET.
>> Brown: WHAT'S THE
STRATEGY, THOUGH, IN TRYING
TO LURE PEOPLE IN WITH DEEP
DISCOUNTS THEY'RE
EXPECTING-- THEY'RE
ACCEPTING A LOWER PROFIT
MARGIN?
>> WELL, FOR A LONG TIME THE
CONSUMER HAS SAID I WANT TO
SEE BIG SALES OR TREMENDOUS
VALUE AT THE OFF PRICE TYPE
OF STORES, SO THEY'RE
LOOKING AT DISCOUNTS THAT
ARE 40 OR 50% OFF OR
NOBODY'S EVEN SHOPPINGMENT
NOW NO RETAILER WANTS TO
PLAN FOR WEAK GROWTH MARGINS
BUT GIVEN THE CONSIDERATION
OF THE SEASON, GIVEN THE
STATE OF THE SEASON RIGHT
NOW, RETAILERS KNOW IF THEY
WANT TO DRIVE THE TOP LINE
THEY'LL OFFER REAL BARGAINS,
NOT JUST FAKE ONES BUT REAL
BARGAINS.
AND RETAILER AFTER RETAILER
HAS MADE AN ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT THEY EXPECT WEAK GROSS
MARGIN RATES FOR THIS
HOLIDAY SEASON.
AND AS EVERYONE KNOWS FROM
HISTORY, YOU DON'T WANT TO
LOSE THAT TOP LINE.
THE LAST THING THE RETAILER
WANTS TO DO IS GIVE THE
CUSTOMER TO SOMEONE ELSE.
A COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
THIS YEAR IS A VERY FIERCE
AND CONSUMERS WILL BE THE
BIG WINNERS.
>> AND YOU MENTIONED THE
CONTINUING MOVE ON-LINE.
SO WHERE ARE WE NOW IN THIS
CONTINUUM OF ON-LINE VERSUS
BRICK AND MORTAR SHOPPING.
WHERE IS THE LINE NOW.
>> WELL, MOST OF THE
SHOPPING STILL TAKES PLACE
ON-LINE.
BUT I'M SORRY, STILL TAKES
PLACE IN THE STORES.
AT LEAST WILL 5, 90% OF THE
SHOPPING IS IN THE STORES
FOR ALMOST EVERY CATEGORY.
A LESSER PRODUCT CAN BE
DIGITIZE LIKE BOOKS OR
PRERECORDED MUSIC WHERE THE
INTERNET HAS A NATURAL HUGE
ADVANTAGE.
FOR EVERYTHING ELSE, 85 TO
90% IS STILL IN THE STORES.
BUT THE STORES ARE
STRUGGLING JUST TO STAY FLAT
WHILE THE INTERNET IS
GROWING AT 15 TO 20% YEAR
AFTER YEAR, SEASON AFTER
SEASON.
YOU HEARD SOME OF THOSE
NUMBERS ON YOUR PREAMBLE TO
THIS DISCUSSION.
SO THE INTERNET IS GROWING.
IT'S ALL THE GROWTH.
MEANWHILE THE STORES ARE
FLAT OR DECLINING AND THAT
SHIFT IS TAKING PLACE
GRADUALLY BUT CERTAINLY IN
THE BALANCE OF POWER.
>> Brown: I KNOW A LOT OF
THIS BATTLE IS TO YOU BEING
FOUGHT OVER DELIVERY, RIGHT,
WHO CAN DELIVER MOST QUICKLY,
MOST EFFICIENTLY.
>> WELL, THAT'S TRUE.
AND ONE OF THE THINGS TO
REMEMBER IS THAT WE SAY THAT
THE BAT SELL MOVING ON-LINE
THAT DOESN'T MEAN IT'S
MOVING TO ON-LINE ONLY
RETAILERS.
A LOT OF THE GROWTH WE'RE
SEEING ON-LINE IS FROM THE
ON-LINE OUTLETS OF THE
BRICKS AND MORTAR RETAILERS,
SO WAL-MART.COM, TARGET.COM,
TOYS "R" US.COM, SAKS.COM,
MACY'S.COM THAT IS WHERE A
LOT OF THE GROWTH IS TOO IN
ADDITION TO AMAZON.COM.
BECAUSE THE STORES OVER TIME
HAVE AN ADVANTAGE IN THAT
FIGHT.
BECAUSE THEY ARE PHYSICAL
LOCATIONS.
YOU CAN CHOOSE TO PICK THE
PRODUCT UP IN THE STORE.
YOU CAN ORDER IT FROM THE
STORE AND HAVE IT SENT TO
YOUR HOME.
OVER TIME THE TERM OMNI
CHANNEL RETAILING IS A
WINNING MODEL.
CERTAINLY CAN HOLD UP VERY
WELL AGAINST THE ON-LINE
ONLY MODEL.
>> ALL RIGHT, JERRY STORCH,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU
>> Ifill: A NEW SHOW IN SAN
FRANCISCO FEATURES THE WORK
OF A PROLIFIC CONTEMPORARY
ARTIST.
SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT SPENCER
MICHELS HAS OUR STORY.
>> Reporter: IT'S A HUGE
EXHIBITION, AND IT FEATURES 398
PIECES OF ART BY THE BRITISH
ARTIST DAVID HOCKNEY-- THE
LARGEST SHOW IN THE HISTORY OF
SAN FRANCISCO'S DEYOUNG MUSEUM.
HOCKNEY HAS PAINTED OR PRODUCED
MOST OF THIS ART IN THE LAST
DECADE USING 14 DIFFERENT MEDIA
INCLUDING CHARCOAL, OIL,
WATERCOLOR, CAMERAS AND iPADS--
DIGITAL ART THAT IS A MAJOR
FEATURE OF THIS SHOW.
AMONG THE MOST DRAMATIC WORK
HERE IS THE MASSACRE AND THE
PROBLEMS OF DEPICTION-- A
GRIZZLY AND INTRIGUING
WATERCOLOR THAT HARKS BACK TO
GOYA AND PICASSO WITH THE ADDED
TWIST OF A HOODED PHOTOGRAPHER
APPARENTLY FIGURING OUT HOW TO
DEPICT WHAT HE'S SEEING.
THAT'S BEEN ONE OF HOCKNEY'S
MAJOR PREOCCUPATIONS THROUGHOUT
HIS LONG CAREER.
IN THIS SHOW SOME WORK REPEATS
TECHNIQUES AND THEMES HE HAS
USED BEFORE.
HE HAS CONTINUED PAINTING
PORTRAITS, OFTEN OF HIS FRIENDS
AND FAMILY-- LONG A FAVORITE
SUBJECT FOR HIM.
HE EVEN DID A SERIES OF
UNIFORMED MUSEUM SECURITY
GUARDS, WHICH HE WHIPPED OUT A
DECADE AGO.
BUT HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN
INNOVATIVE IN SUBJECT MATTER AND
TECHNIQUE.
IN THE '60s HE MOVED FROM
ENGLAND TO LOS ANGELES, AND
BEGAN A SERIES OF VIVID ACRYLIC
PAINTINGS OF SWIMMING POOLS AND
UNCLOTHED FRIENDS IN THEM OR
GETTING OUT OF THEM-- PICTURES
THAT HE BECAME FAMOUS FOR.
SOME CRITICS CLASSIFIED HIS WORK
AS POP ART, A TERM HE DOESN'T
EMBRACE.
WELL, I NEVER THOUGHT THAT, BUT
OTHER PEOPLE DID.
I DIDN'T.
SOMEBODY SAID I WAS MORE RELATED
TO ALEXANDER POPE THAN POP.
I'M JUST AN ARTIST WHO'S DONE MY
WORK, I'VE DONE IT NOW FOR 50,
60 YEARS AND I'LL DO IT UNTIL I
FALL OVER, ACTUALLY.
HOCKNEY, WHO HAS HAD A STROKE
AND IS HARD OF HEARING, RECENTLY
TURNED 76, PLACING HIM IN THE
RANKS OF OLDER ARTISTS.
BUT MANY  CRITICS CONSIDER HIM
YOUNG, BECAUSE OF HIS USE OF
TECHNOLOGY ESPECIALLY THE USE OF
THE iPAD AND MULTIPLE  DIGITAL
CAMERAS.
HE USED 18 PURPOSELY SLIGHTLY-
OUT-OF-SYNCH CAMERAS TO RECORD
THE JUGGLERS, IN 2012 IN WHAT HE
REGARDS AS A CUBIST MOVIE.
HE HAS BLOWN UP TO GIGANTIC SIZE
IMAGES HE CREATED ON AN iPAD
PHOTO-- NATURE SCENES FROM HIS
CHILDHOOD HOME IN EAST YORKSHIRE
AND PICTURES OF YOSEMITE IN
CALIFORNIA--  WORKS THAT TOWER
THEY ARE PART OF HIS STATED
MISSION TO GET PEOPLE LOOK AT
THEIR SURROUNDINGS.
>> WELL, I'VE ALWAYS BEEN VERY
EXCITED VISUALLY.
I HAVE.
AND I THINK I SEE A BIT MORE
THAN OTHER PEOPLE DO.
I MEAN, I HAVE POINTED OUT, YOU
KNOW, MOST PEOPLE DON'T REALLY
LOOK VERY HARD.
THEY SCAN THE GROUND IN FRONT
OF THEM SO THEY CAN WALK.
>> Reporter: SO YOSEMITE, BEHIND
US HERE, YOU'RE SEEING THINGS
THAT I MIGHT NOT SEE, PERHAPS?
>> WELL, ACTUALLY THAT DAY WAS A
REMARKABLE DAY IN YOSEMITE
BECAUSE THE CLOUDS WERE BELOW US
AND THAT'S QUITE RARE.
I KNOW YOSEMITE AND I DREW IT
QUITE QUICKLY ACTUALLY, AND I
>> Reporter: YOU THINK SPEED IS
IMPORTANT? YOU MENTIONED IT
SEVERAL TIMES.
>> WELL, ANY DRAFTSMAN KNOWS
ABOUT SPEED.
I MEAN REMBRANDT DRAWINGS, YOU
CAN SEE SPEED IN THEM.
I AM INTERESTED IN SPEED.
I THINK MOST PAINTERS PAINT
FASTER THAN THEY TELL YOU.
>> Reporter: HOCKNEY DOESN'T
SLOW DOWN, EXCEPT FOR FREQUENT
CIGARETTE BREAKS; HE'S ADAMANT
ON THAT SUBJECT.
HE IS A CELEBRITY AMONG ART
LOVERS, AND HAS BEEN IN THE
PUBLIC EYE FOR DECADES,
ACCORDING TO THE MUSEUM
DIRECTOR, COLIN BAILEY, HE
DEFIES THE TRADITIONAL VIEW OF
AN AGING ARTIST.
IN A CELEBRATED ESSAY ABOUT
AGING, THE ART HISTORIAN KENNETH
CLARK TALKED ABOUT
TRANSCENDENTAL PESSIMISM AND
RAGING AGAINST THE NIGHT AND
THAT IS AN IDEA, A SORT OF
CLICHE ALMOST, THAT WE HAVE.
WE CERTAINLY DON'T SEE IT IN
LATE HOCKNEY.
THIS IS A MAN WHO IS VERY
ACTIVE, VERY ENERGETIC, BUT WE
ARE IN A PERIOD WHERE EVERY DAY
COUNTS, AND I SENSE THAT WITH
THIS DESIRE TO WORK ALL THE
TIME.
HOWEVER THE IDEA OF OLD AGE AND
OLD AGE STYLE IS SOMETHING THAT
WHEN YOU LOOK AT HOCKNEY'S
RECENT WORK, YOURE SORT OF
DUMBFOUNDED, BECAUSE THESE LOOK
LIKE THE WORK OF A VERY YOUNG
MAN: ENERGETIC, EXUBERANT,
VITAL, OPTIMISTIC.
>> Reporter: HOCKNEY'S
FASCINATION WITH NEW DEVELOPMENT
IN DIGITAL IMAGES GOES BEYOND A
SIMPLE CAMERA, WHICH HE SAYS
PROVIDES ONLY A SPLIT SECOND
SNAPSHOT IN TIME.
HE SKETCHES DIRECTLY ON THE iPAD
USING AN APP CALLED BRUSHES.
YOU CAN SEE HIM HERE, MAKING
PICTURES IN THESE RECORDINGS ON
DISPLAY AT THE MUSEUM.
SOMEBODY YOUR AGE, MY AGE, ALL
THAT TECHNOLOGY, IT MUST BE
TOUGH?
>> IT'S NOT THAT TOUGH FOR ME.
I'M ONLY INTERESTED IN THE
TECHNOLOGY OF PICTURE MAKING,
ANYTHING THAT MAKES PICTURES, SO
CAMERAS I WAS ALWAYS INTERESTED
IN, THE iPAD IS TERRIFIC, NEW
MEDIA, MUCH BETTER THAN DRAWING
ON PHOTOSHOP AND THINGS, BECAUSE
YOU CAN PICK UP A COLOR AND IN
FACT YOU CAN BE VERY, VERY FAST
ON AN iPAD, FASTER THAN
WATERCOLOR.
>> Reporter: BUT HOCKNEY'S
REPUTATION COMES NOT FROM HIS
DIGITAL IMAGES, BUT, ACCORDING
TO RICHARD BENEFIELD, THE
MUSEUMS DEPUTY DIRECTOR FROM HIS
SKILLS AS A DRAFTSMAN.
HE'S BEEN RECOGNIZED AS ONE OF
>> I THINK THE DRAFTSMANSHIP IS
AT THE CORE OF EVERYTHING THAT
HE DOES, WHETHER IT'S MAKING THE
PHOTO COLLAGES THAT HE DID IN
THE '80s, MAKING PRINTS, EVEN
THE WAY HE PUTS TOGETHER THE
SCREENS OR THE VIDEO CAMERAS.
>> Reporter: IN THIS GROUPING,
HOCKNEY HAS TAKEN FOUR VIDEO
VIEWS OF THE SAME WOODS IN
WOLDGATE IN DIFFERENT SEASONS
USING NINE CAMERAS.
THE IMAGES SURROUND THE VISITOR
AND PROVIDE A DRAMATIC YET
PEACEFUL EXPERIENCE.
LIKE THE SEASONS DEPICTED HERE,
HOCKNEY'S WORK CHANGES
ALLURE.
BUT SO TOO IS HIS CONTINUING
FASCINATION WITH NATURE.
THE BIGGER EXPOSITION CONTAINS A
RAFT OF NEW CHARCOAL DRAWINGS OF
THE WOODED ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE.
AND FULL-COLOR LANDSCAPES ARE
PROMINENT IN THE HOCKNEY SHOW,
DESPITE WHAT BENEFIELD SAYS IS A
TREND IN THE ART WORLD AGAINST
THEM.
THERE HAVE BEEN PEOPLE WHO HAVE
SAID WHO'S PAINTING LANDSCAPES
ANYMORE?
LANDSCAPES ARE DEAD.
BUT DAVID HAS SAID IT'S NATURE
AND IT'S ALWAYS CHANGING, SO HOW
CAN YOU NOT WANT TO PAINT IT?
AND YOU KNOW WITH HIS LANDSCAPES
SPRING IS ALWAYS COMING AT SOME
POINT, NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE.
SO I THINK IN SOME WAYS THE
LANDSCAPE IS A REALLY LIFE
AFFIRMING CHOICE FOR HIM.
>> Reporter: LIFE AFFIRMING IS
REALLY WHAT HOCKNEY IS ABOUT.
AND HE EXECUTES HIS WORK WITH A
TWINKLE IN HIS WELL-TRAINED EYE.
THE HOCKNEY EXHIBIT RUNS ONLY IN
SAN FRANCISCO THROUGH JANUARY
20, 2014.
>> Woodruff: HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF PROTESTERS HAVE
STORMED THE STREETS OF THE
UKRAINIAN CAPITAL IN RECENT
DAYS, UPSET THAT THE COUNTRY'S
PRESIDENT VYKTOR YANUKOVYCH
WALKED AWAY FROM A DEAL WITH THE
EUROPEAN UNION AFTER WARNINGS
FROM RUSSIA.
WE BEGIN OUR COVERAGE WITH A
REPORT FROM KIEV BY MATT FREI
OF "INDEPENDENT TELEVISION
NEWS."
>> Reporter: UKRAINE'S WINTER OF
DISCONTENT HAS ONLY JUST BEGUN.
TODAY PROTESTERS WERE BACK ON
THE STREETS OF KIEV.
THEIR INTENTION: TO PARALYZE
GOVERNMENT BY BLOCKADING IT.
THOUSANDS OF DEMONSTRATORS
MARCHED ON THE SEATS OF
EXECUTIVE POWER AT THE CABINET
OF MINISTERS' HEADQUARTERS.
"WE HAVE TO BLOCK ENTIRE STREETS
-- THE STREETS BEHIND US ALSO --
TO MAKE SURE THAT NOT EVEN ONE
OFFICIAL WILL GET TO THEIR
OFFICE," THIS PROTESTER SHOUTED.
SO FAR IT SEEMS TO HAVE WORKED.
THE UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT IS
PARALYZED BETWEEN PROTESTERS
CALLING FOR REVOLUTION AND
PRESIDENT PUTIN OF RUSSIA
THREATENING AT LEAST ECONOMIC
REVENGE IF UKRAINE REKINDLES ITS
FLIRTATION WITH THE E.U.
IT'S NOT THE FIRST TIME THAT
UKRAINE-- A NATION OF 45 MILLION
SOULS-- FINDS ITSELF IN THIS TUG
OF WAR BETWEEN EASTERN AND
WESTERN EUROPE.
NINE YEARS AGO, THE ORANGE
REVOLUTION LED TO A RERUN OF
SUSPECT ELECTIONS AND MR.
YANUKOVYCH'S OUSTER FROM OFFICE.
HE SEEMS DETERMINED NOT TO
REPEAT THAT EXPERIENCE.
THE QUESTION IS WHETHER HE HAS
OVERPLAYED HIS HAND BY GIVING
INTO RUSSIAN DEMANDS.
THE NEW GENERATION OF PROTESTERS
EMPOWERED BY THE MEMORIES AND
FAILED PROMISES OF THE ORANGE
REVOLUTION AND THE
ORGANIZATIONAL TOOL OF THE
INTERNETARE , EQUALLY DETERMINED
NOT TO GIVE IN.
FOR THEM, THIS BATTLE IS ABOUT
THE SOUL OF THEIR NATION.
THEY WERE OUTRAGED BY THE
GOVERNMENT'S 11th HOUR U-TURN
AGAINST AN AGREEMENT WITH THE
E.U. WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN AN
ESSENTIAL MILESTONE TOWARDS FULL
E.U. MEMBERSHIP.
THE TOXIC SITUATION HERE WAS
FURTHER ENFLAMED BY THE HEAVY
AND BRUTAL HAND OF THE POLICE.
THE RIOT POLICE USED TEARGAS,
BATON CHARGES AND STUN GRENADES.
THE PROTESTERS RESPONDED WITH
ROCKS.
THE RESULT: DOZENS OF INJURED ON
BOTH SIDES AND A FORETASTE OF
THINGS TO COME IN A CRISIS WITH
NO ELEGANT OR OBVIOUS SOLUTION.
>> Woodruff: FOR MORE ON
THE PROTESTS AND WHAT IT ALL
MEANS, I'M JOINED BY
FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE
UKRAINE STEVEN PIFER, NOW A
DIRECTOR AND SENIOR FELLOW
AT THE BROOKINGS INSTITUTION.
WELCOME TO THE NEWSHOUR, SO
TELL US MORE ABOUT WHY THESE
PROTESTS HAVE BEEN
HAPPENING.
THEY STARTED WHAT, A WEEK
AGO SUNDAY.
>> TEN DAYS AGO PRESIDENTIAN
YOU CAN-- YANNOCK VERY MUCH
SAID IT WOULD SUS PEN AN
AGREEMENT THAT WOULD HAVE
BROUGHT TO CLOSER TO THE
EUROPEAN UNION.
WE SAW IT A WEEK AGO
YESTERDAY, SUNDAY, 100,000
PEOPLE ON THE STREETS
PROTESTING THAT.
THE TURNOUT YESTERDAY WAS
BOLSTERED BY THE FACT THAT
THERE IS HUGE OUTRAGE IN THE
UKRAINE OVER THE USE OF
FORCE ON SATURDAY MORNING.
MORE BLOOD WAS SHED ON
UKRAINE ON SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY THAN THREE WEEKS OF
THE ARMED REVOLUTION AND
THERE WAS A VISCERAL
REACTION ON THE PARTS OF THE
UKRAINIANS ABOUT THAT.
>> Woodruff: WHY DO THEY
FEEL SO STRONGLY WITH THE
DEAL FALLING PART.
>> EUROPE IS A LOT OF
ATTRACTION FOR UKRAINES.
POLL SHOWS MORE THAN 50% OF
THE POPULATION WOULD LIKE TO
GET CLOSER TO EUROPE.
IT'S BECAUSE OF THE LIVING
STANDARDS BUT ALSO BECAUSE
OF RULE OF LAW.
FOR A COUNTRY WHERE THERE IS
CORRUPTION, WHERE POLITICS,
THEY WOULD LIKE A NORMAL
DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM THAT IS
THE ATTRACTION OF EUROPE.
>> Woodruff: BUT THE LEADER
MR. YANNOCK VERY MUCH HAS
BEEN UNDER A LOT OF PRESSURE
FROM RUSSIA, FROM VLADIMIR
PUTIN, WHY DE GIVE IN TO
THAT PRESSURE.
>> I THINK THERE ARE A COUP
WILL OF THINGS.
FIRST IT WASN'T CLEAR THAT
THEY WERE SUSPENDING THEIR
WORK.
IT WASN'T CLEAR THEY MET ALL
THE EUROPEAN UNION
CONDITIONS, BECAUSE THE, U
SAID IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
THERE HAD TO BE CERTAIN
CRITERIA IN THE DEMOCRACY
AREA.
THE OTHER CONSIDERATION WAS
THE PRESSURE FROM RUSSIA AND
CONCERN THAT AT LEAST IN THE
SHORT TERM, THE ASSOCIATION
AGREEMENT WHICH WOULD HAVE
BROUGHT UKRAINE TO A FREE
TRADE ARRANGEMENT WITH
EUROPE WOULD HAVE HAD SOME
DISLOCATION COSTS FOR THE
UKRAINE INDUSTRY.
ALTHOUGH THE PAYOFFS IN THE
LONG-TERM WOULD HAVE BEEN
HUGE.
>> Woodruff: AND SO FOR YAN
YANLOCK VERY MUCH WAS HE
SERIOUSLY CONSIDERING THE E
CIRCUMSTANCES ARRANGEMENT.
>> I THINK MR. YANNOCK VERY
MUCH WANTED TO SIGN THE
AGREEMENT AND THERE WERE
REPORTS THAT IF YOU SIGN
THIS AGREEMENT RMENTS YOU
COULD CAMPAIGN FOR
RE-ELECTION IN 2015 AS THE
MAN WHO BROUGHT UKRAINE INTO
EUROPE.
I'M NOT SURE HE UNDERSTOOD
WHAT ALL OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION WOULD REQUIRE
BUT THATS WITH A LONGER TERM
CONSIDERATION AND HE TENDS
TO THINK SHORT TERM.
>> Woodruff: WHY ARE THE
RUSSIAS, WHY IS PUTIN, IN
PARTICULAR, SO DETERMINED
THAT UKRAINE IS GOING TO
REMAIN WITHIN ITS ORBIT A THEREE
OF REASONS.
FIRST OF ALL THE LONG
HISTORICAL CONNECTIONS
BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE.
BUT ALSO YOU'VE SEEN, I
THINK, OVER THE LAST SEVERAL
YEARS VLADIMIR PUTIN, AN
EFFORT TO REALLY REESTABLISH
RUSSIAN INFLUENCE IN THE
POST SPACE.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO REBUILD
THE SOVIET UNION BUT HE
WANTS HIS NEIGHBORS
ESPECIALLY UKRAINE TO PAY
ATTENTION TO RUSSIA ON BIG
QUESTIONS.
FROM THE RUSSIAN POINT OF
VIEW A UKRAINE THAT SIGNS AN
ASSOCIATION AGREEMENT AND
IMPLEMENTS IT IS GOING TO BE
WELL OUT OF MOSCOW'S GEO
POLITICAL ORBIT.
>> Woodruff: AS YOU LOOK AT
THE TERMS OF WHAT THEY WERE
TALKING ABOUT WITH THE
EUROPEAN UNION, SHORT TERM
WOULD HAVE BEEN DIFFICULT
FOR THE COUNTRY ECONOMICALLY
BUT LONG-TERM THEY STOOD TO
GAIN A LOT IN TERMS OF
COMMERCE.
>> EXACTLY.
>> Woodruff: IN TRADE.
WHY WAS THAT NOT-- WHY WAS
THAT NOT ENTICEMENT
OVERRIDING THE RUSSIANS?
>> WELL, AGAIN, I THINK THE
ATTRACTION CERTAINLY WAS
THERE.
THAT WHEN MR. YANUKOVYCH
LOOKS AT T AGAIN I THINK HE
LOCKS IN THE SHORT TERM, HE
SAW PROBLEMS IN SOME
DISLOCATION SIMPLY FROM
JOINING A MARKET WITH MORE
COMPETITIVE YET EUROPEAN
INDUSTRIES, BUT HE ALSO SAW
THE THREAT WHICH THE
RUSSIANS HAVE DEMONSTRATED
THE LAST FOUR MONTHS OF
PERHAPS ECONOMIC SANCTIONS
AND CUTTING OFF RUSSIAN OR
THE RUSSIAN MARKET TO
UKRAINE.
SO AGAIN, HIS SHORT-TERM
CONSIDERATION LEAD HIM TO
MAKE A DECISION IN TERMS OF
SUSPENDING THE AGREEMENT
THAT I THINK DENIED HIS
COUNTRY HUGE LONG-TERM
BENEFITS.
>> Woodruff: NOW HE HAS HUGE
PROTEST ON HIS HANDS.
HOW MUCH-- HOW MUCH OF THE
POP LAINGTS-- POPULATION DO
THESE THREATS REPRESENT, I
THINK YOU SAID OVER 50%.
IS IT POSSIBLE TO KNOW HOW
MUCH OF THE POPULATION ONE
THING OR THE OTHER?
>> THAT SAY DIFFICULT
QUESTION.
I MEAN MOST OF THE POLLS IN
THE LAST SEVERAL MONTHS HAVE
SHOWN -- ONE EVEN HAD 58% OF
THE UKRAINE SAY THEY WANTED
TO SEE THE COUNTRY MOVE
TOWARD THE EUROPEAN UNION
AND UR
THE NUMBERS ARE ALWAYS, IT'S
HARD TO TELL EXACTLY HOW
MANY PEOPLE ARE ON THE
STREETS BUT THERE IS NO
DOUBT THAT WHAT WE SAW
YESTERDAY AND A WEEK AGO
THESE WERE THE LARGEST
DEMONSTRATIONS SINCE THE
ARMED REVOLUTION NINE YEARS
AGO.
SO THERE REALL
IS A CODE ON THE PUBLIC PART
THAT HAS BEEN TOUCHED AND
THEY ARE PUSHING HARD.
>> SO WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS
AT THIS POINT?
THEY CONTINUE PROTESTING,
WHAT CAN YANUKOVYCH DO.
>> I THINK HIS OPTION IS TO
BECOME MORE NARROW.
THERE IS NO WAY, AND I THINK
HE WAS INCLINED TO TURN BACK
TOWARDS RUSSIA, HIS DECISION
WAS TO PAUSE ON THE WAY TO
EUROPE, NOT REVERSE COURSE.
BUT PERHAPS THE BEST COURSE
NOW IS CAN FIND A WAY, IS
THERE A POLITICAL DIALOGUE
WITH THE OPPOSITION AND
BASICALLY THE STREET.
AND TRY TO FIND SOME KIND OF
ACCOMMODATION.
THE LONGER THIS
DEMONSTRATION GOES THOUGH
AND THE LONGER THE NUMBERS,
IT WILL BE HARDER FOR HIM TO
DO THAT.
>> Woodruff: DOES HE HAVE
THE CONNECTION, THE
COMMUNICATION AND THE
ABILITY TO HAVE THAT KIND OF
COMMUNICATION IN NEGOTIATION
TO FIND A WAY OUT OF THIS?
>> I'M NOT SURE HE HAS THE
POLITICAL DISPOSITION TO GET
INTO THAT KIND OF DIALOGUE.
BECAUSE IT'S GOING TO
REQUIRE A REAL SENSE OF
COMPROMISE.
AND IT'S GOING TO HAVE TO
REACH OUT TO POLITICAL
OPPONENTS IN ORDER TO FIND
SOME KIND OF SETTLEMENT.
SO IT'S PRETTY TRICKY GROUND
HE'S ON.
>> BUT YOU ARE SAYING HE
REALLY HAS NO CHOICE.
THAT HE HAS TO GO IN THE
DIRECTION OF THE RUSSIAN
OFFER AT THIS POINT.
>> I THINK AT THIS POINT
HE'S LIMITED.
TURNING BACK TOWARDS RUSSIA
IS GOING TO CAUSE EVEN MORE
DISQUIET ON THE PART OF THE
UKRAINE PUBLIC AND
UKRAINE-- AND ALSO ON THE
PART OF UKRAINIAN BUSINESS,
SOES'S LIMITED ON THAT
POINT.
AND ALSO, I MEAN I THINK
HE'S NOW SEEN HE CAN'T USE
FORCE.
ONE OF THE REASONS WHY WE
HAVE SUCH A LARGE NUMBER OF
PEOPLE ON THE TREATS IS
BECAUSE OF THE USE OF FORCE
ON SATURDAY.
SO AGAIN HIS OPTIONS ARE
BECOMING NARROWER AND
NARROWER.
>> STEVEN PIFER, FORMER
AMBASSADOR TO THE UKRAINE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
>> Ifill: WE'LL BE BACK SHORTLY
WITH JAMES McBRIDE, AUTHOR OF
"THE GOOD LORD BIRD," WHICH WON
THIS YEAR'S NATIONAL BOOK AWARD
FOR FICTION.
THE JUDGES DECLARED HIS VOICE
AS COMIC AND ORIGINAL AS ANY WE
HAVE HEARD SINCE MARK TWAIN.
BUT FIRST, THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK
ON P.B.S..
THIS BREAK ALLOWS YOUR PUBLIC
TELEVISION STATION TO ASK
FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
AND THAT SUPPORT HELPS KEEP
PROGRAMS LIKE
>> Woodruff: FINALLY TONIGHT:
THIS YEAR'S NATIONAL BOOK AWARD
FOR FICTION WENT TO A NOVEL THAT
RE-TELLS A VERY FAMILIAR STORY
FROM AMERICAN HISTORY WITH A
THOROUGHLY NEW TWIST.
JEFF IS BACK WITH THAT.
>> Brown: "I WAS BORN A COLORED
MAN AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT.
BUT I LIVED AS A COLORED WOMAN
FOR 17 YEARS."
THE WORDS OF KANSAS-BORN SLAVE
HENRY OR HENRIETTA SCHACKLEFORD
WHO IN THE NOVEL "THE GOOD LORD
BIRD" BECOMES ONE OF THE RAG-TAG
FOLLOWERS OF THE ABOLITIONIST
JOHN BROWN AND SURVIVES TO TELL
OF THE RAID ON HARPER'S FERRY.
THIS IS THE THIRD NOVEL BY JAMES
McBRIDE.
HE'S ALSO AUTHOR OF THE
BESTSELLING MEMOIR, "THE COLOR
OF WATER: A BLACK MAN'S TRIBUTE
TO HIS WHITE MOTHER."
FIRST, CONGRATULATIONS TO
YOU.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> SO THE STORY HAS BEEN
WRITTEN AND WRITTEN ABOUT IN
NONFICTION AND FICTION.
YOU, WHAT, FELT YOU HAD
SOMETHING MORE TO TELL?
>> WELL, I WANTED TO TELL IT
IN A FUNNY WAY AND I WANTED
PEOPLE TO, YOU KNOW, KNOW
ABOUT THEM.
AND I WANTED-- I TRIED TO
COME UP WITH A WAY TO TELL
HIS STORY THAT WAS
COMPELLING AND FUNNY, I
SUPPOSE.
>> YOU USE THAT WORD FUNNY
THIS SAY VERY FUNNY BOOK.
ABOUT A VERY SERIOUS
SUBJECT.
I MEAN WHY DID YOU WANT TO
PUT HUMAN NEAR IT,.
>> WELL, SLAVERY IS SUCH A
DROL SUBJECT.
AND IT'S DEPRESSING.
I DIDN'T WANT TO WRITE A
BOOK THAT WAS DEPRESSION.
I DON'T WANT TO READ A BOOK
THAT'S DEPRESSING.
SO I JUST THOUGHT THAT SHALL
DID -- AND JOHN BROWNE WAS
SO FUNNY.
I MEAN HE WASN'T FUNNY, HE
ACTUALLY HAD NO SENSE OF
HUMOR AT ALL WHICH MADE HIM
PERFECT, THE PERFECT PERSON
TO MAKE FUN OF.
>> ALL THOSE PICTURES OF HIM
AND YOU KNOW, SO STRICT
AND --
>> YEAH.
>> SO STERN LOOKING AND HE
WAS VERY RELIGIOUS.
IT JUST MADE HIM A PERFECT
CHARACTERIC TURE ITEM.
>> WELL, AND IN YOUR TELLING
HE'S OFTEN GOING ON AND ON,
MANGLING PASSAGES FROM THE
BIBLE, RIGHT?
>> WELL, HE ACTUALLY-- HE
MANGLED THE BIBLE PRETTY
BADLY IN MY BOOK BUT IN REAL
LIFE HE WAS A LITTLE MORE,
HE WAS MORE COG ANY SENT OF
THE OLD TESTAMENT THAN MOST
PEOPLE YOU COME ACROSS.
>> YOU USE THE WORD
CARICATURE, WAS THE
INTENTION AT THE BEGINNING.
WAS THAT A WAY INTO A
MORE-- WELL, WHAT IS IT A
WAY INTO.
>> HISTORICAL NOVELS ARE
HARD TO DO FOR THE GENERAL
PUBLIC.
FOR COMMERCIAL WRITERS LIKE
MYSELF.
SO I HAD TO CREATE SOMETHING
THAT WOULD ALLOW PEOPLE ROOM
TO LAUGH AT THINGS THEY
CAN'T REALLY TALK ABOUT
EASILY.
AND THAT'S REALLY, THAT WAS
REALLY THE POINT OF IT.
TO GIVE PEOPLE SPACE TO
LAUGH AT EVERYONE SO THEY
CAN SEE SOME OF THE TRUTHS
INSIDE THE HISTORICAL FACTS.
>> AND THE WAY IN IS THIS
WONDERFUL CHARACTER
HENRIETTA WHOSE NICK NAMED
BY JOHN BROWNE, ONION,
RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> OF A VERNACULAR VOICE, A
BLACK VOICE TELLING THIS
TALK, YOU KNOW AM WE STILL
HAVE A LOT OF AMERICANS WHO
TALK LIKE THAT BLACK AND
WHITE THAT SORT OF DIRECT
BLACK VERNACULAR.
I WAS BORN BY THE RIVER AND
YOU KNOW, THE KIND OF HEE
HAW CHITCHATMENT A LOT OF
THE OLD MEN IN MY FAMILY
TALK LIKE THAT.
AND I ALWAYS WANTED TO FIND
A WAY TO PUT THAT IN A
NARRATIVE.
AND THIS WAS JUST THE
PERFECT PLACE.
>> Brown: SO YOU JUST HAD
FUN WITH IT?
HOW DID YOU DO IT?
>> I JUST HAD FUN WITH IT.
ONCE THE CHARACTER ONION
BECAME REAL TO ME, I JUST
TELL INTO-- FELL INTO HIS
VOICE.
I MEAN IN REAL LIFE I WAS
GOING THROUGH A LOT OF
PERSONAL TRAUMA.
DIVORCE, MY MOTHER DIED, MY
NIECE PASSED AWAY.
AND THISES WITH A CHANCE FOR
ME TO JUST HAVE FUN WITH
SOME, TO DIP INTO A WORLD
WITH A CHARACTER WHO HAD
DEEP PROBLEMS BUT JUST
MANAGED TO LAUGH THEM OFF
AND KIND OF KEEP MOVING.
>> Brown: ALONG THE WAY
YOU'RE MESSING WITH SOME BIG
ICONS.
JOHN BROWNE, OF COURSE,
FREDERICK DOUGLAS COMES IN
FOR A CAMEO HERE.
AND IT'S NOT THE MOST
REVERENT VIEW OF FREDERICK
DOUGLAS I INVESTER READ,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
>> I GOT SCORCHED A LITTLE
BIT BY THAT FREDERICK
DOUGLAS DEPICTION BUT IT IS
FUNNY.
AND FREDERICK DOUGLAS IN
REAL LIFE WAS MARRIED TO A
BLACK WOMAN AND HAD A WHITE
MISTRESS AND LIVED IN THE
SAME HOUSE TOGETHER.
I MEAN THAT, YOU KNOW, YOU
CONDITION DO THAT IN
BROOKLYN NOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU CAN
DO IT.
MAYBE THERE ARE PLACES YOU
CAN DO IT.
BUT MY POINT IS THAT IT'S
JUST RIPE FOR MAKING-- FOR
CRACKING A JOKE ABOUT IT.
>> SO DID YOU-- I MEAN THE
INEVITABLE QUESTION IS HOW
MUCH DID YOU STICK, FEEL YOU
HAD TO STICK TO FACTS?
DID YOU DO RESEARCH AND THEN
THROW IT ALL ASIDE OR CHECK
YOUR FACTS ALONG THE WAY?
BECAUSE YOU ALSO --
>> YOU KNOW, I MAKE SURE
THAT PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT
THIS IS A NOVEL.
I WOULD SAY ABOUT 70 TO 80%
OF IT IS TRUE.
THE BASIC FACTS ARE QUITE
TRUE.
I MEAN THEY COULDN'T BE
TRUER.
I HAD TO HAVE, I BROWNE'S
PRAYING, YOU KNOW, AND SOME
HIS LANGUAGE.
BUT THE FACTS ARE JOHN
BROWNE DID DO THE THINGS HE
DID.
HE WAS AGAINST SLAVERY.
HE FOUGHT IN THE WARS IN
KANSAS AND THEN HE ATTACKED
HARPER'S FERRY.
FREDERICK DOUGLAS, DE ASK
FREDERICK DOUGLAS TO JOIN
HIM AN FREDERICK DOUGLAS
SAID NO, ARE YOU CRAZY?
THIS IS A SUICIDE MISSION.
AND JOHN BROWNE DID FUMBLE
THROUGH LIFE.
HE WAS A FAILED BUSINESSMAN.
HE FAILED A LOT OF THINGS.
AND HE ALWAYS MANAGED TO DO
THINGS BUT HE NEVER DID THEM
ON TIME.
THEY KIND OF NEVER, THE
TRAIN JUST KIND OF RUMBLED
FORWARD BUT NEVER ARRIVED ON
TIME.
WITH THE PASSAGES THAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN THERE.
>> AND JUST BRIEFLY HOW DID
YOU COME TO SEE JOHN BROWNE
IN THE END?
>> I LOVED HIM.
I MEAN I GREW UP IN THE
CHURCH.
AND HE WAS VERY RELIGIOUS
AND THAT WAS ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT REALLY ATTRACTED
ME TO HIM.
AND THE POWER OF RELIGION
THAT MADE HIM SO-- THAT MADE
HIM SUCH A FORCE IS
SOMETHING THAT STILL EXISTS
IN MY OWN LIFE.
SO I REA
I ADMIRE HIM NOW MORE, NOW
THAN I DID WHEN I FIRST
LEARNED OF HIM.
>> ALL RIGHT, WE'RE GOING TO
CONTINUE THIS CONVERSATION
ON-LINE BUT FOR NOW, THE
BROOK IS THE GOOD LORD,
NATIONAL BOOK AWARD WINNER,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
CONGRATULATIONS.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DELIGHTED.
>> Woodruff: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY:
ONLINE SHOPPING TRAFFIC SURGED
ON THIS CYBER MONDAY AFTER
RETAILERS HAD A DISAPPOINTING
THANKSGIVING WEEKEND.
WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS REPORTED
THE HEALTHCARE.GOV WEBSITE
FUNCTIONED FAR BETTER TODAY,
HANDLING 755,000 USERS BY
MIDDAY.
AND MASS PROTESTS CONTINUED IN
UKRAINE AND THAILAND, DEMANDING
THE OUSTER OF THE RULING PRIME
MINISTERS.
>> Ifill: ON THE "NEWSHOUR"
ONLINE RIGHT NOW, ADVANCES IN
FERTILITY TECHNOLOGY REQUIRE
ADVANCES IN THE WAY WE THINK
ABOUT MEN AND WOMEN.
READ A GUEST COLUMN FROM A YALE
SOCIOLOGIST WHO STUDIES THE
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN EGG AND
SPERM DONATION.
THAT'S ON "MAKING SENSE."
YOU CAN FIND ALL THAT AND MORE
ON OUR WEBSITE newshour.pbs.org.
>> Woodruff: AND THAT'S
THE "NEWSHOUR" FOR TONIGHT.
WE HAD HOPED TO BRING YOU AN
INTERVIEW WITH WENDY SHERMAN,
THE LEAD U.S. NEGOTIATOR
FOR UPCOMING INTERNATIONAL TALKS
ON IRAN AND SYRIA, BUT THAT
CONVERSATION HAS BEEN DELAYED.
ON TUESDAY, WE'LL LOOK AT THE
RULING IN THE DETROIT BANKRUPTCY
CASE.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT ETH
"PBS NEWSHOUR," THANK YOU
AND GOOD NIGHT.